	Based on the interviews that I personally conducted in two days at the 42nd Street Station and 14th Street—Union Square Station, people do not care about having a seat on the train. Most people are either going to work or rushing home and simply do not need a seat on the train. However, most elderly and injured people I talked to had a few concerns about seating but were ultimately solved because there is almost always a person to offer his seat. One main issue many people brought up is the homeless situation on the trains. As the weather gets colder, many of the homeless population move onto trains where the pungent odor of unsanitary people remains. Another issue that a large number or interviewees brought up is that during rush hour, they receive many involuntary touches that may be unwarranted. If we figure out the maximum number of passengers that a train can carry and limit each train car to a certain number of passengers during rush hour, we can probably stop the unwarranted contact between riders. Another problem is that trains such as the R and the A arrive in 10 minute intervals which can cause extreme lateness for certain riders. Furthermore, signal delays have been more frequent along the R and Q lines. Our train tracker can probably fix these issues and help to increase the frequency of trains in between stations. 
	Since I only interviewed 27 people, I feel that the data I gathered is not enough to represent the entire MTA population. If we were to conduct a survey or obtain a survey FAQ list from the MTA website, it would be possible to better our understanding of the situation preventing the subway to be one of the less stressful methods of travel in the city. Since not many people care about finding a seat on the subway, the project would be more successful if our people-tracker could limit the amount of people in each car to lower the time it takes for trains to remain in the station and speed up the trains so that intervals between stations would only be 3 or 4 minutes. 
	Wi-Fi is now available to certain train stations and can be used in our project. Since most major stations such as the 42nd Street—Times Square, 14th Street—Union Square, and Jay St. Metrotech stations have Wi-Fi signals that our people-counter system can take advantage of. There does not appear to be large amounts of traffic at local stops so there is no reason to have the people counter work on those.
