Jack Langner
In attempting to design a system that is capable of tracking subways and the number of people that are on each train car, we needed to determine what group of people we are targeting. After careful consideration, people of the upper-middle class with smartphones that commute and that want to use their wisely is the customer segment that we are pursuing. In general, people that are a part of the middle class make between $25,000 and $100,000 per year, however this definition needs to be adjusted for cities like New York City and San Francisco because of the high cost of living. Since our idea targets one of these cities, an adjusted income for our customer is needed and comes out to be between $54,000 and $120,000. This will apply to people that live both inside and outside of the city, as people from both areas are the commuters whom we are targeting. Furthermore, the ideal way to deliver information to this group is through their phone, so the end goal is create an app that will display the location and occupancy for the subway cars. This leads to how we plan on determining the location of the cars. Today, the common practice for tracking vehicles is through GPS, whether it is with smartphones or devices that have a built in sensor. Effective examples of this tracking is MTA Bus Time Technology, which allows the MTA to track all of its buses throughout New York City and accurately determine when they will make it to their stops. Amtrak also offers users the ability track trains, where the sensors are placed on the tracks and as the train passes by it sends a signal relaying its location. Now this effective because these buses and trains stay above ground, allowing the sensors to remain in contact with GPS and determine their locations. Since the subway is underground a different kind of locator is needed, and the alternative is a device that relies on preloaded maps, timing, and accelerometers to determine its location. Generally, accelerometers are used in tracking movement for people, so this is a new concept as applied to vehicles. The second part of our idea requires the counting of people on the subway cars. While people is not a new idea as seen with companies like SenSource, Inc. or Traf-Sys, Inc. that specialize in developing technology for this purpose. However, these systems are designed for retail environments, so that businesses can measure the foot traffic in their stores and they tend to be expensive. Simpler devices exist but they may not provide accurate data as they use infra-red sensors that can be easily triggered. For this reason a heat sensitive camera would probably work best as it would allow us to see the number of people on a given car, while keeping their identity secure. The technology we need exists, which makes the hardest part of our idea, collecting the data and making it available to our users. While we plan on using low energy Bluetooth beacons or attempting to use wifi as means of gathering data, we would still have to set up a server that could process the information of how many people are actually in the train and where the train is in real time. Then another issue becomes developing an app that updates to have the most recent data. This issue would have to be resolved through further research into data processing and software development as I believe no one currently has a strong enough skill set to handle such complicated programming. We could also seek out the advice of experienced app developers and people that deal with information technology regularly. 
